## 1 什么是微前端

这个章节包括以下内容：

探索什么是微前端
将微前端方法与其他架构进行比较
指出前端开发可扩展的重要性
认识此架构带来的挑战


I’ve been working as a software developer on many projects over the last 15 years. In this time, I had multiple chances to observe a pattern that repeats itself throughout our industry: Working with a handful of people on a new project feels fantastic. Every developer has an overview of all functionality. Features get built quickly. Discussing topics with your coworkers is straightforward. This changes when the project’s scope and the team size increases. Suddenly one developer can’t know every edge of the system anymore. Knowledge silos emerge inside your team. Complexity rises: making a change on one part of the system may have unexpected effects on other parts. Discussions inside the team are more cumbersome. Before, team members made decisions at the coffee machine. Now you need formal meetings to get everyone on the same page. Frederick Brooks described this in the book The Mythical Man-Month back in 1975. At some point adding new developers to a team does not increase productivity.

Projects often get divided into multiple pieces to mitigate this effect. It became fashionable to divide the software, and thereby also the team structure by technology. We introduced horizontal layers with a frontend team and one or more backend teams. Micro frontends describes an alternative approach. It divides the application into vertical slices. Each slice is built from the database to the user interface and run by a dedicated team. The different team frontend integrate to create a page in the customer’s browser. This approach is related to the microservices architecture. But the main difference is that service also includes its user interface. This expansion of the service removes the need for a central frontend team. Here are the three main goals why companies adopt a micro frontends architecture:

Optimize for feature development: A team includes all skills to develop a feature. No coordination between separate frontend- and backend teams is required.
Make frontend upgrades easier: Each team owns its complete stack from frontend to database. Teams can decide to update or switch their frontend technology independently.
Increase customer focus: Every team ships their features directly to the customer. No pure API teams or operation teams exist.
In this chapter, you’ll learn what problems micro frontends solve and when it makes sense to use them.